[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Oh, hey.
I was just about to give Pandy a checkup.
OK, Pandy, take a deep breath.
[Gabby inhales]
Now breathe out.
[Gabby exhales]
Good news.
Your stuffing sounds great!
You're in perfect Pandy health.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
You know what that sound means.
It's time for a Dollhouse Delivery!
Come on.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
OK, let's see what our Meow Meow Mailbox
has for us today.
Whoa! Look!
This kitty-cat box
has music notes all over it.
See? Even his nose is a little music note.
[giggles]
Let's open it.
Whoa!
It's a little box
with a crank on its side.
Should we crank it?
Yeah!
All right.
[music chimes]
I wonder what's inside.
-[cat-in-the-box] Meow!
-[Gabby] Whoa!
It's a miniature cat-in-the-box!
You know who loves surprises?
Cakey! Let's go show him.
This is my Dollhouse.
And of all of the Gabby Cats...
Cakey loves surprises the most.
I can't wait to get in the Dollhouse
to show him the cat-in-the-box.
He's gonna love it.
With these magical cat ears,
I can shrink down
and play with the Gabby Cats
inside my Dollhouse.
Time to get tiny!
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Whee!
Hey, come on in!
Welcome to my Dollhouse.
Let's find Pandy.
Do you see him?
Where is he?
-Hug attack! [laughs]
-Oof! [laughs]
-[laughs]
-I love hug attacks.
Don't forget about me!
Cakey Hug Attack!
-[Cakey laughs]
-[Gabby laughs]
Did I surprise you guys?
You sure did, Cakey.
Oh, and speaking of surprises,
check out the surprise we have for you!
I can't wait!
[music box chimes]
-[cat-in-the-box] Meow!
-[Cakey] Whoa!
[Cakey laughs]
Ah! That was a good one.
-[Gabby laughs]
-[cat-in-the-box jingling]
[jingling]
Whoa!
[Gabby hiccups]
Uh-oh. That surprise gave me the hiccups!
[hiccups] Aw...
Whoa! Those are some hiccups.
Don't worry, Gabby.
A-ha!
Dr. Pandy will get rid of those hiccups
in a jiffy!
Oh. Thank you, Dr. Pandy.
Now, let's take a listen.
[Gabby giggles]
-[hiccups]
-Ah!
Oops! Sorry, Pandy.
Don't worry. All part of being a doctor.
[Gabby giggles]
So, Dr. Pandy,
do you have a cure for my hiccups?
Of course!
Dr. Pandy always knows the perfect cure.
I got it right here
on my Dr. Pandy clipboard.
Um... Uh...
Psst! Cakey, you got any recipes
to cure the hiccups?
Sure, I do!
My delicious Snack Smackers
cure the hiccups every time.
Follow me!
OK, to make Snack Smackers
we need rice cakes,
sunflower butter,
blueberries,
bananas,
pretzel sticks...
and strawberries!
Mm!
Hey, Pandy, catch!
[Pandy munches] Mm!
Oh, yeah! Good stuff.
[Cakey] Step one: Cover your rice cake
with sunflower butter.
Next, use your blueberries
to make cute kitty-cat eyes and a nose.
Boop, boop, boop.
[both] Boop, boop, boop.
Boop.
[Gabby hiccups]
[Cakey] Then,
two bananas make the kitty cheeks.
Boop, boop.
[both] Boop, boop.
-Boop.
-Pandy!
[Cakey] Then, two strawberries
to make the little ears.
Boop, boop.
Don't forget the yummy strawberry mouth.
Boop.
[both] Boop, boop, boop.
[Gabby giggles]
[Gabby hiccups]
Now, last but not least,
let's add some pretzel stick whiskers.
Three on each side.
[all] One, two, three.
And ta-da!
My Snack Smackers.
What do you think, Dr. Pandy?
My medical recommendation is...
let's get smacking!
All right,
let's hope this cures the hiccups.
Here I go.
So, Gabby, are your hiccups gone?
Hmm. Let's see.
-[hiccups]
-Whoa!
Nope.
My Snack Smackers didn't work?
But they always work!
Wah-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Aw, Cakey...
You didn't cure my hiccups,
but you did give our tummies some yummies.
[sniffles] Yeah, I did that.
Group hug!
[Cakey laughs]
OK, Dr. Pandy, what should we try next?
Well, as your doctor, I recommend we...
Uh...
I recommend a visit with MerCat.
Great idea, Dr. Pandy.
With all those lotions and potions,
I'm sure she'll have something
to cure the hiccups.
To the Bathroom!
[Gabby hiccups]
Good luck!
What's all that shaking? You know how
hard it is to do anything when you're...?
[CatRat jabbers]
Oh. Hi, CatRat.
That was just Gabby.
She has a really big case of the hiccups.
[grunts] The hiccups?
Yeah.
That cat-in-the-box surprise
gave her the hiccups.
You know, I, CatRat, know the best,
no-fail, works-every-time cure
for the hiccups.
But does anyone ever ask for my help? No!
CatRat has all the answers.
When will they learn?
As usual, I'm just gonna have to take
this one into my own paws.
Hmm. Yoink!
MerCat, we need your help.
[Gabby hiccups]
Shimmering sea scales!
Gabby, those are some humongous hiccups!
That's why we're here.
We were hoping that you had a cure?
Of course I do!
Follow me.
OK, let's try my upside-down
glowing globules cure.
Ah, yes, glowing globules.
Good stuff.
-Wait, what are glowing globules?
-[giggles] You'll see.
OK, Gabby. Step one: Put these on.
And these.
Ooh! Stylish.
And comfy!
And now...
♪ For the Spa Science ♪
We have some glowing globules
for your boots!
Some glimmering green.
A little purr-ific purple.
And paw-tastic pink.
So cool and so globby!
[Gabby hiccups]
OK, here comes the best part.
Are you ready for the glow?
[claps]
[Gabby] Whoa!
Whoa!
You've got to be kitten me!
This is almost
the most cat-tastic thing ever!
"Almost"?
You're hanging upside down
in glowing globby boots!
-What could be better than this?
-This!
Whoa!
-Got to match my boots!
-I like your style, Gabby.
In all my minutes as a doctor,
I have never seen anything like this.
And I love it!
OK, you're gonna blow the biggest bubble
you've ever made in your life,
and your hiccups are gonna be cured!
[Gabby inhales and blows]
A little bigger. Little bigger.
You're almost there. Almost there!
-Just a little bit bigger.
-[Gabby hiccups]
-Whoa!
-[Gabby] Oof!
-[Gabby hiccups]
-[MerCat gasps] Wha...
I can't believe that didn't work!
My Spa Science never fails.
MerCat, you can't call that a fail.
I got to float upside down
in glowing globby boots!
-That was a-meow-zing!
-Well, I'm glad you liked it.
We'll just keep looking for a cure
for my hiccups.
So, Dr. Pandy, what should we try next?
Hmm. Let's see.
[Pandy clears throat] Well,
this is a tougher case than I thought.
I recommend we head up to The Fairy Tail
Garden to consult with Kitty Fairy.
Let's move!
That sounds like a good idea. [hiccups]
Oops!
Thanks, MerCat!
-Boo!
-[screams] Oh, CatRat!
Hello. Where's Gabby?
-You just missed her.
-[groans]
She's on her way
up to The Fairy Tail Garden.
She has got
a really bad case of the hiccups.
I know. That's why I'm trying to find her.
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Hey, Kitty Fairy.
Oh, hey, you two!
[Gabby hiccups]
Whoa, Gabby! Those are some hiccups.
That's why we're here.
We're on a search for a hiccup cure.
You've come to the right place.
I have the perfect cure for hiccups.
What you need is a little Garden magic.
Now, there's a very simple Kitty Fairy
cure to make your hiccups grow away.
Don't you mean go away?
Oh, no, I mean grow away.
To get rid of your hiccups,
we just have to plant them in the ground.
You can plant a hiccup?
Did you know this?
Me neither.
Yeah, I knew that. I'm a doctor!
Follow me!
[sunflower sniffles]
Do you remember when poor Cakey had
that really bad case of the sneezes?
Well, I planted one of his sneezes,
grew this Sneezing Sunflower,
and Cakey was cured!
[sunflower] Achoo!
[Pandy giggles]
-Gesundheit!
-[blossom belches]
-Oh, my!
-[Pandy laughs]
[laughs] Well, excuse you!
You'll have to excuse
the Belching Blossom. He can't help it.
I love this Garden. Mm.
So, for you, Gabby,
we'll grow a Hiccup Buttercup.
Cat-tastic! How do we start?
Well, first,
we have to catch one of your hiccups.
Oh, I got to see this!
-Gabby, hiccup!
-I'll try!
-Ready, Kitty Fairy?
-[chuckles] I'm always ready.
[Gabby hiccups]
Whoa!
-[bubble hiccups]
-[Pandy] It's your hiccup!
My hiccup is inside this bubble.
Kitty Fairy, this is a-meow-zing!
Now, let's plant your hiccup.
First, you dig a hole in the soil.
That soil looks just like dirt.
Soil is dirt, Pandy.
Oh, yeah, totally. I knew that.
I was just...
[sighs] OK, I didn't know that.
Just like a seed,
we place the hiccup bubble
inside the hole...
then we cover it up with the soil.
There.
Now we need a little water
to help the Hiccup Buttercup grow.
And finally, for the magic words!
On the count of three, we'll say,
"Hiccups, hiccups, grow away."
Ready? One, two, three.
[all] Hiccups, hiccups, grow away!
It's working!
[buttercup hiccups]
You did it!
Thank you! Thank you!
[Gabby hiccups]
Oh, no! It didn't work.
Those bloomin' hiccups
are just too strong.
That's OK, Kitty Fairy. Thanks for trying.
You know I'm always here if you need me.
[Pandy sighs]
We'll never figure this out.
Pandy, wait up!
Bye, Kitty Fairy.
Pandy!
Good luck!
[buttercup hiccups]
Pandy!
Pandy, what's wrong?
Dr. Pandy quits!
This is impossible!
Come on, Pandy.
You're made of stronger stuffing
than this.
Nope. We've tried everything
and we haven't cured your hiccups!
Pandy, we haven't cured my hiccups... yet.
And, yeah, we've tried a lot of things,
but there are still a lot of things
we haven't tried.
[Pandy sighs]
If we stop trying now,
we'll never find a cure.
I know.
Hey, with you by my side,
I know we can do this.
Get over here!
So, what do you think we should try next,
Dr. Pandy?
Hmm.
Well, Mama Box usually has good ideas.
Maybe we should go to the Craft Room.
Great thinking, Dr. Pandy!
Follow me!
To the Craft Room!
Doctor's orders.
Boo!
Aw, rats! I missed them again!
[blossom belches]
Well, excuse you!
See what I mean?
No respect for the CatRat!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Hey, Baby Box. Hey, Mama Box.
[Gabby hiccups]
Oh, my! What was that?
Gabby has a serious case of the hiccups.
Ooh. I'd say.
We were hoping you'd know
how to get rid of them.
Well, to get rid of hiccups like that,
Gabby, you're gonna need a hiccup machine.
Ah, the old hiccup machine!
I should have known that.
You have a hiccup machine?
Not yet, but we're gonna make one.
[Mama Box whistles]
Ta-da!
Wow! A-meow-zing!
Now all we have to do is turn it on.
[hiccup machine whirring]
[Gabby jabbers]
[jabbers] I think it's working!
OK, I think that's enough.
[hiccup machine powers down]
-How do you feel, Gabby?
-That was a blast!
Did it cure your hiccups?
[Gabby] Hmm. [gasps]
[Gabby hiccups]
I guess not.
Oh...
It's OK, Mama Box. I like my new hat.
But it looks like
our hiccup machine failed.
That's what I call failing fantastically!
Felt good to shake things up.
So, what do you think, Dr. Pandy? There's
got to be something we haven't tried yet.
[Pandy] Hmm.
Ooh! I know! We can go back to the Kitchen
and have another snack!
Going back to the Kitchen,
where it all started!
That's brilliant, Pandy!
Brilliant!
Wait, why is it brilliant? Whoa!
Good luck!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Hey, where's the cat-in-the-box? [hiccups]
We left it on the counter.
-Huh. It's not here anymore.
-We need your help.
Where is the cat-in-the-box?
The Music Room!
Thanks!
Here it is!
-Boo!
-[others gasp]
CatRat, you scared me! [sighs]
That was the point.
A big surprise gave you the hiccups,
so you needed an even bigger surprise
to make them go away.
Hey, it's so simple!
Hey, you're right!
My hiccups... they're finally gone!
Of course! [chuckles]
The old double-scare cure!
-Just what the doctor ordered!
-[Gabby giggles]
Aw. Thanks, CatRat.
It feels so good
not to have hiccups anymore.
You see? It's like I've been telling you.
CatRat has all the answers.
[giggles] I'll try to remember that.
Yeah, well, you're welcome.
I don't know how you got scared
by this little box in the first place.
[CatRat screams]
-Are you OK, CatRat?
-I'm fine.
[CatRat hiccups]
-Uh-oh!
-Now CatRat has the hiccups!
[hiccups] Aw, rats! [hiccups]
No need to fear, CatRat.
Dr. Pandy is here!
-Boo!
-[screams, hiccups]
Dr. Pandy won't give up
until your hiccups are gone!
-Boo!
-[screams, hiccups]
-[Gabby giggles]
Thanks for playing
in the Dollhouse with me.
Are you ready for another surprise?
[tempo quickens] ♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat
Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me, MerCat!
MerCat in the house,
about to drop some Spa Science.
Come on!
♪ Welcome to my bubbly world ♪
♪ Fizzy, foamy, color swirls ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Gonna make you smile
Let you see how scientific you can be ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ OK, sit back, relax ♪
♪ A mud mask or a seaweed wrap ♪
♪ Anything you want today ♪
♪ You're the bubbles in every way ♪
♪ Spa Science, get a reaction ♪
♪ Spa Science, a bubble brigade ♪
♪ Spa Science ♪
♪ Spa Science
A brand-new discovery each day ♪
♪ I got lotions for days ♪
♪ Mixing up a brand-new batch
A potion that is so cat-tastic ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Your bubble bath is ready ♪
♪ Then a rainbow mani-pedi ♪
♪ It's such a perfect day ♪
♪ Shimmering sea scales! ♪
♪ We're on our way ♪
♪ Spa Science, get a reaction ♪
♪ Spa Science, a bubble brigade ♪
♪ Spa Science ♪
♪ Spa Science
A brand-new discovery each day ♪
♪ We got beakers
Test tubes, colored bottles ♪
♪ Don't forget your safety goggles
Melt it, freeze it, add some zest ♪
♪ Put your spa skills to the test ♪
♪ Spa Science, discover the wonder today ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Spa Science ♪
I can't wait to share more Spa Science
with you! Bye!
Thanks, Dr. Pandy, for helping me find
a cure for those hiccups.
Phew! I'm glad those are gone. [chuckles]
Come back soon
and we'll open another Dollhouse surprise!
Bye!